README.md, before:

CPUTableau
==========

Permanent overlay window presenting the CPU temperature, clock and active cores.

2.0.236
-------

1. Charge current processing improved.

2. The "User Presense Action" reloads the service if killed.

3. Routine code cleaning.
 

2.0.230
-------

1. A small bug (code regression) fixed.


2.0.229
-------

1. You can enable/disable Charge Current if not satisfied.

2. Bug fixing.

3. Behavior customizations.

4. Little bug fixing...


2.0.202
-------

1. Major redesign. 

2. Motion is smoooooth now (or I hope so...)

3. Fahrenheiht degree scale added.

4. Tap/Double tap motion radius and time delta are adustable now.



1.8.138
-------

1. Font size configurable from Activity.

2. Motion improved slightly. Yet a lot to be done to make really smooth. 



1.7.131
-------

1. Motion fixed (more or less). 

2. Added battery temperature, displayed alongside the CPU temperature. 

3. No more power hog when screen off.



1.5.120
-------

1. Fixed (mostly) redraw in motion bug.



1.5.117
-------

1. Added charger current for Samsung S3+ devices.

Commit message:

2.4.277
    Fixed small problems in layouts.

    Fixed crashes of interface when screen orientation change meets screen off/on. The fix is temporal, more research required.

    Charging current suits mA and uA now (Nexus 6 with Android M supported).

README.md, after:

CPUTableau
==========

Permanent overlay window presenting the CPU temperature, clock and active cores.


2.4.277
-------

1. Fixed small problems in layouts.

2. Fixed crashes of interface when screen orientation change meets screen off/on. The fix is temporal, more research required.

3. Charging current suits mA and uA now (Nexus 6 with Android M supported).


2.0.236
-------

1. Charge current processing improved.

2. The "User Presense Action" reloads the service if killed.

3. Routine code cleaning.
 

2.0.230
-------

1. A small bug (code regression) fixed.


2.0.229
-------

1. You can enable/disable Charge Current if not satisfied.

2. Bug fixing.

3. Behavior customizations.

4. Little bug fixing...


2.0.202
-------

1. Major redesign. 

2. Motion is smoooooth now (or I hope so...)

3. Fahrenheiht degree scale added.

4. Tap/Double tap motion radius and time delta are adustable now.



1.8.138
-------

1. Font size configurable from Activity.

2. Motion improved slightly. Yet a lot to be done to make really smooth. 



1.7.131
-------

1. Motion fixed (more or less). 

2. Added battery temperature, displayed alongside the CPU temperature. 

3. No more power hog when screen off.



1.5.120
-------

1. Fixed (mostly) redraw in motion bug.



1.5.117
-------

1. Added charger current for Samsung S3+ devices.
